Update storage information (#752)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/under_the_hood/storage.md

| Raw JSON | MeiliSearch database size on disk | Real memory size | Private memory size     | Virtual memory size |
| -------- | --------------------------------- | ---------------- | ----------------------- | ------------------- |
| 8.6 MB   | 122 MB                            | ≃ 6.3 MB         | 120 MB (≃ size on disk) | 204 Gb (memory map) |

That means this dataset is using 6.3 MB of RAM and 122 MB of disk space.

> It is important to note that there is no way to predict the final size of the database. Since the settings, as well as the number of searchable and faceted attributes play an important role on the amount of space taken, the input JSON file size is not reliable to make such estimations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to note that **there is no simple or reliable way to predict the final size of your database** based on JSON document size.

The amount of space taken by a database is affected by a large number of criteria, including relevancy rules, the number of searchable and faceted attributes, the number of different languages present, and more.
```
